let me in my life have not seen that
Akanov 1
it can not be
what do you say we call the island itchy
armpits do you think you are a connoisseur
dragons are my friends
not
but mother will not forget her child every
the dragon has its secret
I'll tell you one and all you knew about
this is your mother yes and who am I
do you think such a goon
you manage something coming
with this have not met and you still what
dragons listen to me alone
drawable in 2 st evil madman here
smash fists into blood and my face
if swiss is not my dragon i must
tell you something about god i know
what do you mean you say so
beautiful as the day she disappeared
we are together again so you are thinking of a dredge
goes to take away the dragons we stop
him all together
don't be afraid brother won't happen to you
nothing bad
you have the heart of my leader breed
and the soul of the dragon you know that it is not
laundering off the road
dragon rider
take care
packaging
they manage to kids and no one
listen to
have a nice flight